so we're doing this thing where we're
sharing our biggest insecurities as an
attempt to get over them so I thought
I'd share mine insecurities are often
aspect of our lives that are the hardest
to share so face them head-on we decided
to share our biggest one in the most
vulnerable way good think of the plan
was simple we're going to stand on a
chair in the middle of the Santa Monica
Pier and share our deepest insecurities
then convince a stranger to step up and
share theirs as well
I don't want me to say but I think I
want to go first you go first looking
new person I don't want to be standing
there waiting for you guys to divide up
the freakout here we go I'm not sure
what I'm comfortable sharing but that's
a little bit I know something that I've
actually been trying to do with and I'm
actually okay talking
I'm excited for Riggins I've already
trimmed I'm sorry I only fear for me is
like people will look at you differently
like if you tell them something really
really deep and personal though but I
think it's positive in a private way
[Music]
does anybody want to hear my biggest
insecurity I don't know how to do this
I'll tell you guys you have three I have
three people in my audience is really
uncomfortable you guys want to hear it
all right well gather around the other
row so a couple years ago I felt like I
was the happiest I've ever been in my
life I felt figured out and then classic
as it might sound my girlfriend broke up
with me and everything I thought I was I
felt like it just disappeared I grew up
away from my family I've been going to
schools abroad since I was fifteen my
parents are in Egypt I feel that I've
grown to be someone that my family
wouldn't approve of even though I am
happy and I believe in the choices that
I made and I made them with full
conviction I've been always comparing
myself to other people I always just
think I'm less funny less smart less
attractive all these things when she
dumped me I felt like I lost track of
who I was I didn't know if I was smart
enough I didn't know if I was attractive
enough I didn't know if I was
interesting or funny and I feel like I
lost track literally of who I was so
just having to pick up the phone every
time talk to my mom or my dad back home
it's heavy to think that's you're lying
to your parents or lying to your
siblings because you have to be the
person they think you are and then I end
up sort of not like myself that much so
anytime that I get a girlfriend or a
significant other kind of ends up
ruining everything I've had with that
person yeah that was uh pretty much it
yeah I thought maybe like sharing it
just in public I will have more power
over that than it has over me so I can
deal with it
thank you for thank you for listening
that's a very you think so cool man like
I'm not your man oh really
thank you for listening
and I'm shaking thank you so much
hey Chris what about you guys if you
don't mind me asking do you want to get
up on the chair and uh oh my goodness my
mom see I love this important I also
don't like being in front of people so
thanks interesting would you like just
to hear or share
well she's insecure about all right I'm
gonna live over there what yeah my
biggest insecurity is that I would
disappoint people
and I often compare myself to other
success and I feel like I'm constantly
not up with them and I need to be at
their level and I'm never going to
attain what I feel like a success I go
back to Brazil be my comfort like stage
of my life College will be life how best
friends will be however colleges why the
big one side face every day is whether
what I'm doing is because of a job as a
money or whether I'm doing it because I
really like I guess trying to apply
myself in life my insecurity is that my
first impression is good and then after
that people don't want to hang out with
me and agree thank you
Thanks
the only just appointment is not loving
you what's yours
you want to tell me you have to stand up
did I'm not who I thought I was
well that's that's not too specific you
can tell me that
good thank you for sharing that thank
you for talking to me I respect you so
much oh yeah how do you now yeah you
don't watch me yeah
thank you that's very kind thank you so
much you did it you did it give me a